How great eh good great How great I
tell you that those 300 pages are not going to be
wasted I'm
really curious I mean because eh And
I'm going to see clearly I Ah The bad thing is that
man 300 pages in Thai you don't know
what that is they're going to do
is rebut each same point
but we're going to the same thing we're going to the same thing we're going to the
same thing let's go we're going to divide
the case the judge makes the sentence very clear
demme I mean he doesn't say it like that
but more or less he gives you to understand Give me a
logical explanation for renting a
bungalow fill it with knives other than
killing the person that you then take to the
bungalow, that's it Give me a
logical explanation But if I've always said the
same thing if I ever sat down with
balfagón chipiri and and and García Montes it would be
enough for me to give me a
logical explanation one for which you
take a bungalow fill it with knives
and you take me and you kill him that's it
give me a logical explanation for renting
that bungalow two days before
Win rieta arrives because  you could have
bought those knives if it was for
cooking to live in a cloth bag,
taken it to the pan biman and not
pay for a hotel room separately
for two days. What need do you have to
be spending money? I think
people don't like to throw away money
because they didn't stay the night in the
bu milla they go to sleep in the pan biman or
not because they liked it better they were more
comfortable they liked it better the only thing they left
are the knives for what to rent
take the bag to the panan and when it
arrives Because also the piman I don't know if
you know but the piman was a duplex
the room was a duplex and the
upper part was split into two
rooms 6404 and 6403 So
Daniel Sancho could have arrived with his
bag of bigc and put it in the
panan and when he's finished with Edwin that day
since Win leaves on his own and on the
other, rent the buay Villa who throws away
the money or doesn't rent a hotel
for which you are  paying 200
or 300 euros or whatever to bring in a
bag of knives doesn't have it. I have a
lot of it. The appeal. Of course, because if you go
again to refute the same thing they were
refuting, that's what they're going to do, but it's
a waste of time for their client. I do
n't know if they're just playing a little bit,
even at random. Jos de de yes. Well, this
judge has said this, let's see if another
judge says something else. I'll make it
even easier for you. I'm going to make it
even easier for you. The appeal is being
made by three Spanish lawyers, three
Spanish lawyers who were not at
the trial, who have the minutes
of the trial, the same as anyone
who has the book because they are in there, they
are the same minutes. Based on those
minutes, they have made an appeal in Spanish,
which they have translated into English and from
English to Thai, and in that appeal, what they are
going to say to the Thais,
to the Thai judges
of Suratan, let's not forget that they already
approved the sentence, they
saw the trial, they read the trial, they
read the sentence, they approved it
and accepted it.  the sentence of fact of the
five judges of suratan three voted in
favor of commuting the sentence to
life imprisonment and two voted for
the death penalty to remain
and they gave that sentence to the
judge of cangan of pardon of of
very thing who was the one who gave the sentence the two
judges well they are going to take that they have
taken the sentences what they have been
take the minutes they have made an appeal
of 300 pages and what they want to
say to the judges look you have made a
mistake seven Thai judges you
have made a mistake and We have arrived we
are three
Spanish lawyers who have not gone
even one day to the trial but we have been we have read the trial and we have realized that you have made a mistake Look have you not seen this and as we are bad Licho Well here we come to say what you have made a mistake So please put things in conditions
what do you think the judges
of suratan who already judged and sentenced are going to think
because it was from suratan who
sentenced Daniel Sancho because the
judges of  they [ __ ] or rather something very they
passed the sentence to suratan so that
later what they want to
happen doesn't happen is that now it falls you are going to
tell those people you made a mistake And
we who have not gone any day
here you have to look how good we are that
you what do you think the Thais are going to say
what do you think they can
say well look [ __ ] Look [ __ ] I'm
sure they are going to take the 300 pages they are
going to tell him come on it is that in
fact that is what I tell you person its
moment an error that was considered
collaboration what Daniel did or rather
because a collaboration for a very
media case I think they wanted to get
rid of him also they made a little
bit of a deal there I think that was a little bit of a
deal Of course
but occasion no it can't go very
well for him because they can take and They can say
Well look you know what chain the
death penalty now is to accept those judges of
suratan among whom was the dean who
is the head of all of them accept
that they are wrong it is not that we were
wrong another thing is that when
that sentence goes it supported the supreme court
with the text of  cassation The supreme court that
has nothing to do with suratan says
Well, look, right, there is a ruling here
whatever it is, but the suratan court itself
is going to accept that they were
wrong because three
Spanish lawyers who have not even gone to
trial say so. I see it as impossible, but let's
go, impossible in any case, because
dreaming can do many things, eh No, but I
imagine that they will maybe go for the
other one, not that this happens first, that
happens there, I don't know if we have anything left to
mention about the appeal, well, yes, we are talking about what we have
talked about, we have
talked about why the maximum penalty is being requested, not
that I
know of what Juan has said, what
time it takes for the judge to resolve, but it
will not be immediate, that could
harm you, eh man. Of course, just as
the appeal is now being filed, it does not
mean that they are going to respond to you
the following week. Ah, it has 300
pages because Juango's appeal
from hang's office is 11 pages, eh
here in Spain, eh, I don't know if it will be the
same there, but here in Spain when it is a
provincial court, for example, they have
appealed. No  Well now, for
example, they notified me: Hey, we're
going to review the appeal on
such a date next month, they'll notify you
a little before, no, when is
the review scheduled for? Okay, now, uh, and
from there, hey, on
October 1st, okay, and now maybe,
man, you understand that in the next few
weeks the sentence will come out, I don't know if, Ah, it will
be the same, but of course, evidently, this
is, I heard that this appeal
can take from 6 months to 2 years, from
months to 2 years, trust me, God of my life, they
still go quickly, and in six months
we have it, but they can stick together for up to two years
to resolve it, time that doesn't
count, time that doesn't count until the
final sentence is issued, but then, uh, those two
years, then they'll say, well, and now we're going to the
Supreme Court another year, another year when
the appeals run out, that suddenly if they
sentence him to 50 years, then he'll serve
50 from the time they sentence him, you
understand, but you put on a hard time,
put on a hard time for whatever the court
gave you, we're all in two years, we'll do it
have until we resolve two years And
now you go to the Supreme Court, the two years,
of course, when Daniel Sancho's
appeal comes, he has already been in jail for 5 years,
5 years is all for, I mean, G
If they had still kept
the life sentence, now now What he
had to fight for is to
start trying to
lower it from there, get the 50 and then I don't
know how he gets the rest from there,
no, no reductions, but of course he is
lengthening the time, on the one hand, with the
issue of the resources, not only with
the issue of the resources, first with the
issue of the extensions that he is
doing to present the appeal, then
with the issue of the appeal, then with the
next appeal that comes and then for
all this to end, Lu has to have
Royal Pardon first so that it can be lowered for
you, put it that now, for whatever reason, by
art of bro lock, they sentence him to death,
come on, they sentence him to death, you appeal to the
Supreme Court, the Supreme Court does not remove the death penalty, he
continues with the death penalty, the
next thing is to ask for royal pardon so that it can be
lowered to life But you with
life  you can't come to Spain
you have to ask for another Pardon the
following year Supposedly or around there I don't know
when so that they lower it to 50 years And
from there start to climb or so
Sorry you have it complicated chic par
clear from there to the end what I
told you Jos this one is going to be stuck there for 10 years there is
no one to take it away like Look I've
heard Thai lawyers say
that he can get up to 20 years if he
starts with nonsense H up to 20 years
enia of course done the math 8 years up to 20
in resources Give him five Jose No I
sincerely don't think he's more than
10 or 12 but they say he can get up
to 20 they say it so in other words be careful with
things be careful it's not as
easy as people are
making it out to be and don't get on
Thailand's nerves too much if you're lucky
only one appeal say 3 more years p No
now starting from the capital punishment the
two years for him to ask the king for forgiveness
the other so that from the capital if he
grants it go the  DEA to life and aa
of life then ask for another to go
with another saad now is in suratan
Now when this appeal passes for the
next one he has to transfer it to the bank
the appeal they move it they move it cl they
move it of course he goes to the bank of
course when surata ends and he goes to the bank
but because of the fact that they appeal of course
the supreme court is one-handed of course the
now passes from suratan he is in suratan
now that making appeals he is
not going to the bank now yes now in
suratan he is in suratan when
the appeal is resolved depending on what
comes out man if he is acquitted he goes
home watch out that I do not I regret that I do not I
regret that this guy is screwed
there in his life you understand I mean what I what what
surprises me
no what I say what an outrage is how
clumsy the lawyers are being
how they are hindering and prolonging the
procedure to me what makes me
laugh is how all the
press headlines would have with they want to toughen more
The cruel sentence of danel  s cruel
sentence that perpetuates or whatever or whatever cruel
sentence God m of my life of my
heart let's see here in Spain everyone
who requests an appeal all the
families that condemn someone and request
an appeal is so that they get more
years eh Marta Calvo's mother
had been sentenced to 52 years Juan Ignacio
Palma believed 52 has appealed and has
managed to get a
life sentence with review what she asked for that she
get the most that the Spanish sentence gives the
Spanish justice one Always looks for what happens to her let's see
if they kill your daughter you
What are you asking for man why do they kill my
son and I would ask that they put me with him
but well apart from the fact that they are going to
convict you that they put me in because I think that
I would end up in jail of course
Yes but well putting ourselves putting ourselves in
the shoes of the capido to a son you What are you
asking for that he get the maximum
possible sentence the maximum possible that there is And it
is that it is more than I tell you more because
I am against the death penalty
but if it is my son who  he's dead
I would say Hey kill him But I'm
telling you this clearly I mean let's see I
'm against the p of
mu when it's someone involved when it's someone
involved I'm not talking to you about a
third party you er involved who is your son The one who
killed your son your son has been
charged you What are you asking for but you
think that you think that
Ewin's family really feels that way that they don't
kill the murderer I think so no I think they
really feel it because I talk
to Darlin and they are super religious but I
swear you can't
imagine how religious Sure but let it be
a life in prison the life that
remains here let's see let's see the one who
Forgives died the cross of course you understand
I don't have to forgive anyone nor do I have
the obligation to forgive anyone
the one who Forgives died the cross I am not
God to forgive anyone if I were
the family La Rieta I would want
Daniel to go through the worst possible time because he
took my son from me see if you
understand me gentlemen I don't  I'm talking about
myself, I'm against the
death penalty, I want
human rights to be upheld. But if I were the
victim, put yourself in the shoes of
being the victim, that it was your son who took
charge, what would you want? I mean,
because here Rodolfo Sancho is justified a lot, we're
not going to justify
Rodolfo Sancho because he's the father of the
one in jail, gentlemen, those people
are the parents of the victim, even if they
ask for the death penalty, which they're not
asking for, they'd be within their rights. They
are the parents who killed a son, that they kill
your son. Let's see,
man, I prefer, but let the family ask for it.
I think I would prefer, José,
that they leave me alone in a garage, but
I, I think that if we have to choose, like in
a balloon, eh, but it's harder. La la la
la, life imprisonment in a prison in
Thailand is not harder than the
death penalty. Because in the end, the
death penalty saves him from suffering, in the end, no. Of
course, I prefer a life imprisonment, even if
it's for life, but I'm just like that.
way of thinking I
love the life sentence in the United
States you go in and you don't come out there you
stay dead for certain
crimes certain offenses man of course not
for a fraud but for for
certain crimes yes not for a
reckless homicide or anything like that what we have
talked about or rather Wi's family is
asking for the sentence but even if he
asked for it Even if he asked for it I
repeat he is not asking for it but you
say that he asked for it it is the family
man of course I mean we are justifying
that Rodolfo Sancho looks out for his son and we
are not justifying that the family of
a person whose
son has been killed wants the person whose
son has been killed to be killed and they don't ask for it eh And they don't ask for it and they
don't ask for it no of course What happens is that it has to
but here in Spain I have
seen so many times like so many times a
murder and people went out into the streets
death penalty [ __ ] in the courts
when Marta del Castillo people had to
have the death penalty this had it is
true lie that you Have lived it the
same as me man and when the  boy and
when everything and it is and it is Shouted in the
streets the death penalty had to exist
the death penalty for these people I don't know
what it is that a family or rather that they
kill your son and you kill him I
think that for certain it is too
justified I believe that for
certain crimes it should exist No I
am against it but I am not the one who is
damaged I am not the one who is damaged now they
kill me not me or they kill me
Pepe and I would ask For me if I can
ask for death I ask for it and if I found
but I did find because I believe that there are I believe
that there are certain crimes okay I do
n't know if murder would be one of them I
think it would depend on several
factors no no the murder of your
son for you I am speaking to you
personally I am not speaking to you personally Yes of course of
course for you personally That's what I'm getting at
but for for your wife, for your son, for
your father you ask for the m for a
murderer whoever it is or to be left alone
with him well for example let's see I don't know if
the case of Daniel Sancho but there are
murderers who will never have
rehabilitation no  they go away in a
flash those kinds of people Yes but I don't
want to say that what I mean
is that it is being said about Rita's family
that even if they asked for it that they don't
ask for it they would be within their rights I
see it as normal possible totally exactly I
see it as normal because no but it's that you ca
n't blame him Exactly It's that
here it has been asked let's see is that
Daniel Sancho has been given a
death penalty which in reality is a
death penalty What happens is that it has been commuted
because it has been considered
as it is often said about
death penalty societies Japan has the
death penalty look at the statistics you will see
how many people Japan kills at the end of the
year with the death penalty more than
Thailand China too No yes but
China is a dictatorship I'm talking to you
about Japan Japan has the death penalty Look
let's see how many people has
Japan executed lately with the death penalty does
Japan execute Yes well Thailand has
gone 20 years without executing Well it executed
one a few years ago but a
foreigner is not going to be executed it is said it is
said but that
Japan executes  Look how many
executions there are in Japan per year, it says every
4 years executions resumed in
1993 and since then
15 executions have been carried out almost every year, that
is, 15 executions a year in Japan. So
Japan, yes, they execute you 15 a
year, damn it, and nobody has Japan as
a dictatorship, right? [ __ ] hell, and in the
United States, there are many states
that execute, or I mean, I mean, there are
societies where the execution, the
death penalty is a punishment that is
imposed in that society, gentlemen, and I
believe that nobody has Japan as a
dictatorship, no, what we should do is not
murder, not rape, not kill, and at
least not do it, where there are executions,
I don't exempt it, do you understand me or not? Look,
in the United States, in 2024, to
date, there have been 23 executions in the United
States this year, up to
today's 23rd, and it tells you what type of
crime, I mean, 2 people, all of them
men, have been executed in the United
States in 2024, three  by
nitrogen hypoxia and 20 by lethal injection the
first person executed in 2024 was K.
Smith who became the
first person in the United States in the
world to be executed by
nitrogen hypoxia I don't know what that is it's like a
mask will put nitrogen in you and you
will die gas But what am I telling you So the United
States is a dictatorship
but that's what I'm telling you trust you now they
kill the guy like that in that way and it's like
almost Well if he had a chance between that and life
imprisonment because they kill you like that in a
way that they don't suffer no what I want to
tell you is how
his family want to sell that
the criminal How don't they want to sell that
the family that hasn't asked for it but if they
had asked for it their right to ask for the
death penalty how don't they want to sell it that That is
very bad gentlemen there are
many states and many
democratic countries that have the death penalty
that I agree that the one that we have
here I will not
agree that it should be done in all
countries But those that exist must be
respected And if the one  you have your son and
you ask for it you are within your rights I
think it is totally justifiable
just as Rodolfo Sancho is justified
when he says It is that his son will have to
defend him I would agree with the
death penalty for some crimes I
mean imagine a pedophile
pedophile rapist but I think that
we should not be the ones who do
not stop to say who lives or
who dies the human being yes unless it
is my son and then I kill him if I
can kill him of course
a pedophile rapist pedophile of
those who want them in the
death penalty or a death penalty or release him
in the jungle whatever something like that is not
worth it Jose Well we will leave it like this
King I don't know if you will do it directly
tomorrow I imagine not that I will rest
no tomorrow
no tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I am in a
cafeteria in Mairena del Alcor
called Cafeteria Lemon it is exactly
I will tell you the exact address in case
people want to stop by I think  who was there with
Enrique, well, maybe we're going to be there, it's
on Avenida de Andalucía, no
number, in the town of Ma Irena del
Alcor in Seville, from 5 to 8, we're going to be
sitting there drinking coffee. If you have
the Daniel Sancho book, bought on
Amazon, and you want to stop by so we can sign it
and give you a bookmark, come by.
And also, if you don't have the book,
we'll have a book there in case you
want to buy one. So,
if you want, you can stop by there, from cco to
the Lemon cafeteria in Maena del Alcor.
Tomorrow, Saturday, at 5, it's clear.
Well, to help those of us in Seville who don't
have the book yet, although it's criminal
that you don't have the book yet. Okay,
well, I'll see you there tomorrow, you'll probably
be uploading photos and such. José
Rey, eh, a huge kiss, we'll be in
touch, we'll talk. I wouldn't be surprised if we
had to see each other
again before the end of the year, for sure, because,
man, I understand that on the 29th,
eh, here we have two options, either they present
already.  right away that 300-page resource
and we'll comment on it if so Yes, but
seeing how they move if they presented it on
the 29th it wouldn't be until the 12th or around there,
which is when they give part because I don't
think that I Ah a few days there of of
impaz or maybe they have already presented it
and we don't know anything yet until it's
late enter don't worry that ent we
find out and we will talk we will talk about it
Translate from Thai squeeze it we
will look at what they eat and Hey,
maybe they present the resource we read it and
say wow dan Sancho it has to
be free it's true it's true guys
a huge kiss subscribe to the
triar Channel if there is anyone left on the
planet who is not subscribed from here
okay but stop by there for the
description for the pinned comment what I'm going to is
giving you is the book is
worth it in case there is also someone who does not
have it yet Also remember that
tomorrow José will be in ma irena del
alcor you can buy it there and to
me it is I find it very valuable not that
the author himself eh You  I'll sell it to you and
give it to you and sign it. So, just
tell me how it went. Hey, and a kiss,
greetings to everyone. Thank you very much, bye m